## Write a parser to convert potential structural RNA into JSON for cytoscape

Hello! There are a few moving parts to this micro project right now, but this is the order and important files that I have right now.

**Goal**: write an .R script (due to accessibility) that can take in a file similar to `test_results_formated - sample.txt` or `results_targetRNA - sample.txt` and output a JSON formatted `.txt` file that cytoscape.js can take in.

### Pipeline output
This is the blackbox for what's going on right now. I believe we will get some sort of output that looks like `results_targetRNA - sample.txt`. Each entry is a set of three newlines, a targeted sequence id, a micro RNA id, and then supporting information on line three. We also have access to the formatted file, which combines these all into one row and might be easier to manipulate.

If you look to the `results_targetRNA - sample.txt` file, line one and two will become nodes, and their connection will become an edge when converted to the cytoscape JSON. Notice, however, that there are many links throughout these files. `>RNA1` in line one is the same as the one on line 2864. What this means for us is that we need to account for all of these lines as nodes, and all of their connections as edges (see the formatting below).

### Cytoscape input
Our final, desired product is a network map generated by cytoscape.js. The format for cytoscape _loosely_ goes like this:
```
[ // list of graph elements to start with
    { // node a
      data: { id: 'a' }
    }, { // node b
      data: { id: 'b' }
    }, { // edge ab
      data: { id: 'ab', source: 'a', target: 'b' }
    }
  ]
 ```
This format is called JSON. I imagine R has a package that can manipulate and output JSON, so that will be worth picking up and utilizing.
 
### Ideas  
I know this might be a bit to wrap our heads around, but I think we can all work together to get on the same page to script this cohesively. Important to note:  
* the names (like >PL78_00040 and >RNA149) won't be gauranteed, we should establish the nodes based on positions.
* however, I think we will need to script the edges based on their content
